Update README.md with new make targets (#91)
buildwithgrove/path: README.md

# Run all tests
make test_all
```

### 6.2. Running the E2E tests against Morse

1. Preparing the configuration

A `make` target is provided to copy the example Morse configuration file to the `e2e/.morse.config.yaml` needed by the E2E tests on Morse.
To run the tests, use the following `make` targets:

```sh
make copy_morse_e2e_config
```

Then update the `morse_config.full_node_config` and `morse_config.signed_aats` values with the appropriate values.

You can find the example Morse configuration file [here](https://github.com/buildwithgrove/path/tree/main/e2e/morse.example.yaml).

2. Running the E2E tests

To run the tests, use the following `make` targets:

```sh
# Run E2E tests against Morse
make test_e2e_morse_relay

# Run all tests
make test_all
```

## 7. Running Localnet

You can use path configuration under `/local` to spin up a local development environment using `Kind` + `Tilt`.

Make sure to review [Tiltfile](https://github.com/buildwithgrove/path/tree/main/Tiltfile) and [values file](https://github.com/buildwithgrove/path/tree/main/local/path/config/path-values.yaml) to make sure they have your desired configuration.

### 7.1. Spinning up / Tearing down Localnet

> Localnet can be spin up/tear down using the following targets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Localnet can be spun up/torn down using the following targets:
```
